What is data frame in Pandas?
What is Series?
How to sort one a specific column in descending column of a data frame?
When to use Bar chart and when to use histogram?
What is use of Pandas library?
What is use of numpy?
What is longform of numpy and pandas?
Is it possible to rename a column in dataframe? if yes, how?
Is it possible to define heterogeneous elements within a list?
Is it possible to sort data frame with 2 columns - one in ascending and other in descending order, how?
What are ways to create data frame? (dict, list, arrays)
Can we compare 2 NaNs?
How can we create an empty list?
Is it mandatory to have () to define tuples?
What is use of tuple?
Is list immutable?
Is list mutable?
Can I define list within a list? How?
Is tuple immutable?
Is dictionary immutable?
Can we change index in data frame?
Can we have hierarchycal index in dataframe?
How do you replace NAn or zero values with median?
How do you understand if the data distribution is normal distribution?
How do you understand if the data distribution is Symmetrical distribution?
How do you understand if the data distribution is bell shape distribution?
what mean, median and mdoe in case of normal distriution?
How do you read a data file which is seperated by ":"?
What is difference betwween delimeter and sep parameter while reading file?
What do you mean by csv file?
What is 6 sigma?
What all operations will you do in data cleansning?
How to change current directory?
how to check if you are in specific directory by two ways?
how to sort numpy array in reverse order? 
if array contains NaN, would it considered for finding out mean?
How do you find mode of numpy array?
without writing loop, how can you find even numbers from 2 to 10 (both included)
how do you find out unique values and its count in numpy array?
How do you flattern array in 1 dimensional array of 4 X 4?
How to generate same random numbers using numpy array?
how to add all elements of numpy array using 2 ways?
What is restriction on adding 2 numpy arrays? 
list out 4 ways to reverse numpy array?
What is difference between shalow and deep copy of array?
what is use of linspace function?
What all advantages using numpy over list?
- speed
- memory
- homogeneous elements in numpy array
Can numpy arrray hold herogeneous elements?
What is difference between map and applymap of pandas function?
Can we traverse in reverse order in Pandas series? (reading from right to left)
Is it possible to sort on index using pandas?
How can we restrict number of default rows (5 to 10 ) to display for data frame?
How can we change default precision displayed for pandas series?
How to create new environment in Jupyter?
How to switch to base environment?
How to identify outliers?
What do you mean by outliers?
What are ways to impute missing values in dataframe?
How to indetify if entire dataframe has at least one NaN?
How to find total no of Nan in a dataframe?
How to treat outliers?
What is use of bar chart?
What is use of Histogram chart?
What is use of pie chart?
What is use of line chart?
What is use of scatter plot?
What is correlation?
What is min and max value of correlation (coefficient)?
Why do we use t test?
Why do we use Ch2 Square test?
What are 2 ways to set index to data frame?
Can we rename a column?
Can we sort data frame on 2 column - one in ascending and one in descending order?
What is differnce between sort_values and sort_index?
Can series have floating index? IF yes, what is the constrain on index types?
What is output of series.index where series is the series name?
Can we have 4 values and 5 indexes in a dataframe?
Can we have 5 index  and 5 values in a dataframe?
Can we have heterogeneous data types for dataframe index?
If a dataframe index has same index say 10,10 with value 100,200. How to do I access 100 and 200 seperately? (by making it as a LIST)
What would be output of series1 ^ series2 where series has below values (USA	1,Germany 2, USSR 3,Japan 4) and series2 has series values below values (USA	1,Germany 2, Japan 4,Italy 5)
how to change folder within jupyter notebook using python package?
how to read csv file as a dataframa and set index simultaneously?
How to set field as an index manually to a frame?
How to ensure that dataframe shallow copy shares same memory location?
How to hard copy dataframe? How to ensure memory locations are different?
How to add column in a dataframe?
What would be output of dataframe.all()? (Returns False when it finds at least one zero value)
What is output of np.NaN + np.NaN?
What is output of np.NaN * np.NaN?
What is output of df.loc[:,df2.all()]? (Find out all colums having not a single zero value?
What is output of df.loc[:,df2.any()]? (Print all columns which do not have all zeros or nan, if a particular columns contains a single non zero value, it will be displayed)
What is command to Print only columns having at least one Nan value?
What is output of df2.loc[:,df.isnull().all()]? Displays all columns having all NaNs
What is outut of df2.dropna()? Display all columns which does not have single Nan value
How to drop rows having all NaNs?
How to drop rows having at least single NaNs? df.dropna(axis=1)
How to check specific row/s has NaN values and drop such row/s? (df.dropna(subset=['salt','eggs'])
What would be output of df.head(-1)?
Can we change the default value of 5 rows for df.head and df.tail()? if yes, how? - Can not do 
what would be the output of df.columnname.ununique?  (How many unique values are present in the given column name
Can we apply multiple aggregate function on multiple column in a single command using pandas dataframe?  df.agg({'col1' : ['sum', 'min', 'std'], 'col2': ['mean','max','std'], 'col8':['min','max','mean','std']})

Suppoer a column of a dataframe contains string numbers eg: '1','2','3'. what would be output of df['col9'].median()? Would it give and wrror or give median?

How would you sort column1 in ascending order and column2 in descending order of a dataframe in one command? df.sort_values(by=['col2','col1'],ascending=[False, True])

Can we add interger with NaN? If yes, what would be output of 12 + np.NaN?
how to find mode using list? 
	import statistics import mode 
	mode(list) - if all values are unique it gives an error
OR 
To find mode in a series we use:
df.column_name.mode()
If we have unique values, all of them will be considered as the mode.

How to display the columns of a dataframe in a specific order? for example: Col3,Col5, col1, col2,col4? 
ans: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13148429/how-to-change-the-order-of-dataframe-columns

How to define header for line #2 while reading csv file? 

Can header parameter of read_csv pandas function accepts negative values?

Can we define column names (custommize) while reading csv files?

Can we define index column while reading csv file using pandas package?

Can we read specific columns by reading csv file?

df = pd.read_csv('example.csv',usecols='a') What would be the output of this command?

What is use of squeeze parameter of read_csv pandas function? (Converts dataframe intor series or one column)

Can we read excel sheet refering using number 0,1 for sheet_name parameter  when the sheet is given the name say 'Employee' using read_Excel pandas function?

dfe = pd.read_excel('excelfile1.xlsx', sheet_name=-3) What would be output of this command?

Can we define 2 sheets at a time using read_excel pandas function? If yes, What would be the type of return data type? (collections.OrderedDict)

What is use of subplot in pandas plot function?

What is use of figsize in pandas plot function?

In Pie graph using Pandas plot function, what is use of autopct parameter?

What is command to draw boxplot using pandas function?

What all inferences drawn from df.describe command? (missing values count, distribution, outliers)

What is full form of KDE(Kernel Density functio : used to see the distribution along with histogram)

What is difference between histogram and bar graph?

What is use of alpha parameter in pandas plot function? (faint or dark values betwee 0 to 1 (dark)

What is use of this command - %matplotlib inline 

What is this command returns? todays_date.isocalendar()  

What is command to find today's date?

Can we add 12 days to current date? if yes, what is the command?

Can we subtract 2 months from current date? if yes, what is the command?

What is use of strptime and strftime? PRovide examples.

how to get day name of a week?

what is monthdelta?

which library is used to plot 3D graph?

Whtat is magic command? 
What is use of %time?
which function is used to plot multiple plot?
which function is used to plot horizontal bar graph?
What is difference betwee subplot and subplots function?
how to check if matplotlib library is installed on a machine?
howt o increase width of the graph?
How to draw multiple graphs say 3 graphs on a single row?
What is use of Explode in case of pie chart?
what is use of scattter graph?
What is difference between histogram and bar chart?
What is default charrt when using plot of matplotlib?
How can I create a range of dates of continuous 5 years?
How can I create a range of dates of continuous 5 Months?
How can I create a range of dates of continuous 5 Days?
How can I create a range of dates of continuous 5 Minutes?
How can I create a range of dates of continuous 5 seconds?

What do you mean by Axes?(Axes: It is what we generally think of as a plot. A Figure can contain many Axes. It contains two or three (in the case of 3D) Axis objects. Each Axes has a title, an x-label and a y-label.)








